v7.28.1 (#17073)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

## 7.28.1

_Mar 21, 2025_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🐞 Bugfixes

Special thanks go out to the community contributors who have helped make this release possible:
@jyash97, @nusr.

Following are all team members who have contributed to this release:
@arminmeh, @KenanYusuf.

<!--/ HIGHLIGHT_ABOVE_SEPARATOR /-->

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.28.1`

- [DataGrid] Fix error while editing rows with custom id (@arminmeh) (#17050)

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.28.1` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@7.28.1`, plus:

- [DataGridPro] Fix header select checkbox state with `checkboxSelectionVisibleOnly` and `paginationMode="server"` (@arminmeh) (#17032)

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@7.28.1` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.28.1`.

### Tree View

#### `@mui/x-tree-view-pro@7.28.1` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

> - [TreeView] Allow reordering item to bottom (@jyash97) (#17065)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TreeView] Allow moving an item after the last children of some other item (@jyash97) (#17065)
```

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.28.1

_Mar 21, 2025_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🐞 Bugfixes

Special thanks go out to the community contributors who have helped make this release possible:
@jyash97, @nusr.

Following are all team members who have contributed to this release:
@arminmeh, @KenanYusuf.

<!--/ HIGHLIGHT_ABOVE_SEPARATOR /-->

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.28.1`

- [DataGrid] Fix error while editing rows with custom id (@arminmeh) (#17050)

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.28.1` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@7.28.1`, plus:

- [DataGridPro] Fix header select checkbox state with `checkboxSelectionVisibleOnly` and `paginationMode="server"` (@arminmeh) (#17032)

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@7.28.1` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

> Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.28.1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.28.1`, plus:

- [DataGridPremium] Update column state correctly when grouping mode is updated with one grouping column (@arminmeh) (#17074)
```
